Hey there, me from the future.
So, what's 2017 gonna be like? I have some ideas, but I really hope something exciting is going to happen.
First and most importantly, I hope you've managed to have sex with someone. Martina seems like the obvious pick right now, but I also want you to have met a bunch of new girls, so many one of those?
If you didn't have sex, I hope you at least got to go on more dates and maybe make out with some of them. Is that too much to ask? Come on, you know you want to, and you know that, statistically speaking, someone else is also gonna want to at some point. Just gotta keep grinding...
For your flat - if you still live here, which I kinda fear you will - I hope you at least got new dishes for the kitchen, a new bin for the bathroom, a new desk and office chair, and that sweet lilac carpet that's been on our minds for half a year. None of that stuff seems crazy expensive, either, so I'm sure that's long taken care off by now.
Your work... I mean... I get it, it's scary to look for new employment. But, isn't it time? I dunno how things are gonna turn out, but right now looking for a new job seems very important. Please gimme some good news on that front...
I kinda doubt Claudia has changed her mind in regards to coming back to you, so I hope you've managed to forget her (romance-wise!) completely by now. ...actually, now that I think about it, maybe I should tell you what I think the correct course of action for most of the girls in your life is:
You should have visited Minna and Sarah again, if the money allowed. They like you a lot and they give great hugs, what more reason did you need?? I hope you stayed in touch with McKenzie, she's not as great at hugs but still a good person, so please take care of her.
The other peeps from Twitter... ehh, I guess it's fine the way it is. Remember that you've had some precious moments with them tho, maybe there's something salvageable there after all.
I kinda hope that you've picked up Japanese again, but I'm not really holding my breath. There's so much stuff going on.... who has the time?? Well, maybe you did. Impress me!!
Speaking of Padeem, how's Magic? You're about to attend your first real Grand Prix, I wonder how that turns out? Well, beyond that I hope you got to attend a bunch more GPs, RPTQs, maybe play against some pros. If you ever see someone you really like, like LSV or Riley Knight, be sure to say hello!! They're gonna be happy, and it's gonna make you happy too, so, why wouldn't you do that??
Steffi is fine, I'm sure she's gonna continue to be fine, so don't worry about that. Julia tho... I hope you got to help her deal with her depression and school and shit. She really needs someone, and who else is gonna do that, if not you? After all... that's why you were born first, isn't it?
Mom and Dad... I dunno, I guess they're still same old. I guess it wouldn't hurt to talk to them, but ehhh, why take the risk, am I right? So... I'll forgive you right now if you ignored those 2 all year.
Finally, Martina... uhhh I hope you figured out what to do about her yet. I'm kinda... close to getting intimate with her, but, then what?? I couldn't possibly get into a relationship with her... right? She's got that ridiculously cute baby of hers, and... I love them both so much... but, it couldn't work, could it?? I don't think so. I want my own family, not... someone else's... no matter cute they are!! Not to mention Martina is... well you know... I mean... right?
Remember that you more-or-less promised to stay friends with her forever tho. Don't abandon her. (And if you have sex, for the love of god, use protection!!)
Well then, see you in 364 days. Hah.
	-Daniel
	
P.S. Remember when someone told you that you smile all the time? Whatever happened to that? That was nice, wasn't it? Smiling... being happy... let's do that again.
P.P.S. \o/
P.P.P.S. GAME DESIGN!! How could I forget orz Please work on SOMETHING this year. It doesn't have to be big or fancy or even really a game, just... something... come on!!!!